# Online-Crime-reporting-and-management-system-
PHP Training Project: It is a website where user can log an FIR online. This website has 4 module- Head-quarter, Incharge, Police, User. It is multifunctional website with back end support Project Objective:      • To provide an online platform where user can log a FIR at ease.     • Complainant can see the regular update of the filed case.     • Head Quarter can easily monitor the update of individual case.     • To provide transparency in working system of the case.     • It will reduce the bribe.  Project Scope : Complainant Module:-   Complainant can file an FIR online and can see the regular update of the filed case.  He/She can file multiple FIR .  HQ Module:-   HQ can monitor every case.   HQ can add or delete the police station.   HQ will provide login credential to Incharge.  Incharge Module:-   Incharge can see the case allocated to his location.   He/She can add police officers for his/her location.   Incharge will assign the case to each police.   Incharge will provide login credential to Police.  Police Module:-   Police can only see the details of that case which has been assigned by the Incharge.  Police can update the status of each case.  Police can close the case and file the chargesheet.  Future scope of Improvements:  OTP verification can be added to authenticate the user.  Data Sharing between police station can be incorporated.  Wanted Criminal reward system can be added.  Chat Support Between Officers can be added.  Location of crime will be automatically detected just by pointing on the map.
